README.md, before:

The repository contains a basic Github client for its REST API.

## Requirements
* Ruby 3.1
* Access to at least one Github repository
* Please create a personal access token for your personal account so that the Github API requests work. The repository is public, so any token will work.

## Instructions
It needs to be run at the command line like this

```
TOKEN=github_pat_xxx ruby process.rb <repository URL, like https://api.github.com/repos/user_or_organization/repo>
```

or, if you use Bundler, remember to put your ENV variables *before* the command so Bundler doesn't try to parse them via
it's CLI parsing

```
TOKEN=github_pat_xxx bundle exec ruby process.rb <repository URL, like https://api.github.com/repos/user_or_organization/repo>
```

The code implements only one method in the API - `issues`. It outputs up to 50 issues in the provided repository. It lets you set whether the
issues returned are open or closed, and then displays them in decreasing order of date as follows:

1. If you selected open issues, the date used is the issue's created date.
1. Else, it's the issues' closed date.

Commit message:

add a note to the README about per_page and the ordering maybe being bugged. Oh and fix the numbering

README.md, after:

The repository contains a basic Github client for its REST API.

## Requirements
* Ruby 3.1
* Access to at least one Github repository
* Please create a personal access token for your personal account so that the Github API requests work. The repository is public, so any token will work.

## Instructions
It needs to be run at the command line like this

```
TOKEN=github_pat_xxx ruby process.rb <repository URL, like https://api.github.com/repos/user_or_organization/repo>
```

or, if you use Bundler, remember to put your ENV variables *before* the command so Bundler doesn't try to parse them via
it's CLI parsing

```
TOKEN=github_pat_xxx bundle exec ruby process.rb <repository URL, like https://api.github.com/repos/user_or_organization/repo>
```

The code implements only one method in the API - `issues`. It outputs up to an a "per_page" parameter in the provided repository. It lets you set whether the issues returned are open or closed, and then displays them in decreasing order of date as follows:

1. If you selected open issues, the date used is the issue's created date.
2. Else, it's the issues' closed date.

Number 2 is possibly not correct, atm. It may right now be only sorting at updated_at which is close, but different
